Add some user and tech doc (#3)
vgramer/opa-idea-plugin: docs/user/features/color_setting_page.md

# Change highlighting colors
Go to `Settings` -> `Editor` -> `Color Scheme` -> `Rego` 

> In the code preview, if you click on the code element, the correspond color settings will be select in the tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the code preview, if you click on the code element, the corresponding color settings will be selected in the tree.
```
